You'll learn a bit about the basics of sending requests and handling responses with this new HTP client.
And the last I actually had a look at how you can listen to events instead of D just the response which
is the default you were listening to now when everything we can do which I already touched on is you
can set headers now in index options object.
They're just as hetero's property you can set and they're actually set new headers you want to send
with your request with the new age to the headers object so by instantiating this you'll need to import
that from the same path as you import declined.
So HTP headers like that.
Now it should be read headers is as I said instantiated.
So don't forget the parentheses.
And this gives you a HTP header's object which behind the scenes just is a javascript object holding
some extra in configuration so that the client can use it.
No discipline doesn't set any special headers besides the default headers it will send Anyways if you
want to set headers you can simply change a method call to this newly instantiated object so you can
simply call a new method and there are various methods available for getting the headers but all for
a pending a new headers or setting headers and just as a side note there are some default headers which
are sent with every request sometimes even enforced by your browser which you won't overwrite with deaths.
I'm talking about your own headers which you reset and override with set or which you append with.
Well append.
Since we don't have any custom headers yet let's set some add here.
Does a super simple set simply takes two arguments the name of the header or the key and then the value.
So for example if you were to set an authorization header here we could simply pass the authorization.
Maybe barer and some token.
No this won't work with this firebase set up because we don't all ferrites ourselves Frewer offer I
sation header dare.
But it is a common use case that you are talking to some API where you do need to set an offsite sation
header with some token.
This would be an example and this is how you set headers in general.
Now if you want to add more simply append them.
This is how you can add more headers to that.
Of course you don't have to do all of that inline in the Options object.
You could prepare an object in advance headers object where you simply used the headers or set them
up whip's as we did in line and then pass these headers.
Object here.
This is the alternative.
Now as I mentioned this won't work here because firebase doesn't expect us head but in general this
is absolutely how it works.
All commented out.
For now though.